{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh14100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Instructions
\b0 \
\
At first this was a networks assignment but then Nina got sick this week :*( \
\
Copy the PongAdv code into your \'91Student Work\'92 folder to do this assignment :) \
\
So now you get to learn how to handle keyboard input and output! :D \
\
Step 1: \
	Implement the ball class to bounce around and off the bar \
	Right now it\'92s bouncing off the right side of the screen, so use that code to inspire you\
	Also look at how the bar class is structured to see\
\
Step 2: \
	Make sure the game knows when its over and needs to restart\
	In Processing, you can restart by simply drawing over things, or by making your program 	redraw\
\
Step 3: \
	Right now the bar is controlled by where your mouse is. That\'92s cool and that\'92s one form of i	input and output to control a program, but a lot of software needs to use keys too. Look on the 	Processing.org website and try to make your bar\'92s location controlled by the up and down 	arrow keys. \
	\
	Learning how to control things with keys will come in super handy when we make Tetris in two 	weeks, as well as for other projects that will need multiple controls. \
\
Step 4: \
	Try make this pong game more interesting visually\'85can you figure 	out how to get the ball to 	have a tail? What if the ball grew with time or dependent on its position?\
		Hint: Look at the draw function you\'92re in right now \
			It draws (in rough order):\
				A background \
				A ball \
				A bar \
\
	What if you weren\'92t always drawing the background? \
	What if you instantiate a new ball that lags behind the main one? How would you do that? \
	\
\
Remember to use processing.org for reference; it\'92s a great resource and learning how to navigate language references are important in software engineering. \
\
\
If you finish early, try just experimenting around in Processing! Take some example code and mess with it! :D }